Mané snack me to see
yang
Yes Yes
the German brand presented in the mid
2010 the one its most compact model
that arrived in three body
doors and with four seats at the beginning
of 2012
the offer was extended with the variant a1
five-door sportback that can
have four or five seats the brand of
The four rings has updated the
one for 2015 with slight changes in the
image and improvements in suspensions and
equipment the most significant of
this update is that the range of
engines has been renewed changes
aesthetics affect the bumpers the
radiator grille the headlights
front and the rear pilots there
also new colors and designs of the
alloy wheels
the student's length has increased
slightly and has gone from 395 to 397
meters although the rest of measures are
maintains with a width of 174 meters
and a height of 142 meters
the wheelbase or battle is of
247 meters
the student competes in the upper part of the
segment of the multipurpose utilities
and his main rival is the mini in his
new generation has grown to the
382 meters in three doors and three with
ninety-eight on five doors other
possible competitors are the lancia
ypsilon that has a length of 384
meters the ds3 which measures 395 meters and the
alfa romeo myth that measures 406 meters
in the passenger compartment changes
limit to some chrome details like
in the controls of the power windows
electric and new upholstery
uv designers have not stopped
a little aside the practical aspects and
they have focused on the details that
they show the quality and the image
elegant materials and finishes enjoy
of a good perceived quality a
step above what is usual
in models the generalist manufacturers
but details like the one before you of the
rear seats or the volume of the
trunk are behind many of
they
the one testing has a trunk of
270 liters that can be expanded
folding the rear seats up
the 920 liters although under the floor is not
has a spare wheel and only
has a clip to repair
punctures
the engine of the tested version are
four cylinders in gasoline line
with 1.4 liters of displacement double tree
of cams in cylinder head four valves
turbo direct injection cylinder
compressor the intercooler provides 125
horsepower maximum only 5 thousand
revolutions per minute and a reasonable
pushing torque that holds the value
maximum between 1400 and 4000
revolutions per minute so there are
a good answer in almost all the
regime of use and it is not necessary
go up to 6,000 revolutions of the
Red zone for fast rolling
the driving force moves to the
front wheels by means of a change
automatic double clutch s tronic
with 7 gears and the system is available
stop to stand and start
automatic in the arrests after being
The steering wheel has some cams for
make the changes in manual mode
sequential
with a weight of one thousand 190 kilograms the
Car can accelerate from 0 to 100
kilometers per hour in 88 seconds and
reach 204 kilometers per hour
the average consumption approved by audi is
of 49 liters per 100 kilometers and in
our test that we have measured 82
liters per 100 kilometers the figure in
real conditions is much higher than the
approved and must be qualified as
elevated for a car of this size
weight and benefits
the address has assistance
electrical variable depending on the
speed and disc brakes are the
four wheels with auto front
ventilated and offer a good touch and
forcefulness when needed
the front suspension uses the
classic mcpherson telescopic columns
and the back is in charge of a single
Torsion shaft with wheels thrown in
the front axle has been mounted a bar
stabilizer
series is left over with wheels
16 inch wheels that ride
wide tires and low profile in
measure 215
45 although the test unit mounted
some tires of measures 225 bar 35
in 18-inch wheels so much rubber
Harms consumption increases noise
of rolling and is not good in case of
heavy rain but that too
aesthetically
with the asphalt in good condition the car
It is stuck to the ground and looks very flat in
the curves what contributes to the
agility since it can be sold with
ease in the next curve in
option for 235 euros offers a
suspension of morons more sports
although more uncomfortable in bumpy areas and
for 665 euros the sports s line
the car is easy to drive and has a
similar to touch others offer
larger size
in the city it defends itself well and can be
have an option with sensors
distance front and rear as
parking aid
the position of the steering wheel that is flattened
down is right with a seat
While comfortable that it held the body there
in addition a good support platform
for the left foot
as usual in the three doors the
access to the rear seats is
cumbersome and given the narrow width
available only is approved for two
places that do not have exits of
adjustable air conditioner
the test unit had the
outdoor equipment package s line
that has a price of one thousand nine hundred
fifty euros and includes a spoiler
integrated into the body that increases
the dynamism of the image a grill
of the radiator with specific design
bumpers sports design and headlights
anti-fog
the tested version is the best equipped
and includes as standard the elements of
most important security and comfort but
many other elements some already
usual in lower priced cars
they are only offered as an option
What we liked the most was the
quality materials and finishes as well as
the agility in zones of curves and the
brake behavior
What we liked the least was the
absence of spare wheel access
to the rear seats and the policy of
options